Welcome back.
In this video I'd like you to refactor the previous character count app so that the visualization uses
SPG along with the three at a minimum you should use recked elements and SVGA to replace the divs we
use for the visualization before.
As a bonus you can also try to add text elements for each rectangle so that a character accompanies
each bar.
Here's a quick demo of what the app looks like using SPG instead of HCM.
Here's one phrase and here's another as you can see the functionality is the same as before.
Though the graph and styling look a bit different now that I'm using as Viji remember to focus on the
rectangles first.
Adding text to your wrath in this exercise should be considered a bonus.
Good luck.
I'll show you my solution in the next video.